Update exporter READMEs (#2073)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: exporter/otlpexporter/README.md

# OTLP gRPC Exporter

Exports data via gRPC using [OTLP](
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/master/specification/protocol/otlp.md)
format. By default, this exporter requires TLS and offers queued retry capabilities.

> :warning: OTLP metrics format is currently marked as "Alpha" and may change in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:warning: OTLP metrics and logs formats are currently marked as "Alpha" and may change in
```
